# Configuration
general.ores.master.poor.comment=Generate Poor Ore?
general.ores.master.ore.comment=Generate Ore?
general.ores.master.dense.comment=Generate Dense Ore?

general.ores.generatory.type.comment=List "Types" of generation:
general.ores.generator.density.comment=Density of generation:

general.ores.generator.comment=Generate the Ore?


#Keys

#Creative Tabs
itemGroup.pc.ore=PeriodiCraft Ores
itemGroup.pc.items=PeriodiCraft Items


#Items

#Blocks
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Aluminium.name=Poor Aluminium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Beryllium.name=Poor Beryllium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Chromium.name=Poor Chromium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Coal.name=Poor Coal Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Cobalt.name=Poor Cobalt Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Copper.name=Poor Copper Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Gold.name=Poor Gold Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Iridium.name=Poor Iridium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Iron.name=Poor Iron Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lapis.name=Poor Lapis Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lead.name=Poor Lead Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lithium.name=Poor Lithium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Magnesium.name=Poor Magnesium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Neptunium.name=Poor Neptunium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Nickel.name=Poor Nickel Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Palladium.name=Poor Palladium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Phosphorus.name=Poor Phosphorus Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Platinum.name=Poor Platinum Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Plutonium.name=Poor Plutonium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Silicon.name=Poor Silicon Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Silver.name=Poor Silver Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Sodium.name=Poor Sodium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Sulfur.name=Poor Sulfur Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Tin.name=Poor Tin Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Titanium.name=Poor Titanium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Tungsten.name=Poor Tungsten Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Uranium.name=Poor Uranium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Zinc.name=Poor Zinc Ore

tile.pc:oreBlock.Aluminium.name=Aluminium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Beryllium.name=Beryllium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Chromium.name=Chromium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Coal.name=Coal Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Cobalt.name=Cobalt Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Copper.name=Copper Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Gold.name=Gold Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Iridium.name=Iridium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Iron.name=Iron Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Lapis.name=Lapis Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Lead.name=Lead Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Lithium.name=Lithium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Magnesium.name=Magnesium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Neptunium.name=Neptunium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Nickel.name=Nickel Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Palladium.name=Palladium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Phosphorus.name=Phosphorus Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Platinum.name=Platinum Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Plutonium.name=Plutonium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Silicon.name=Silicon Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Silver.name=Silver Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Sodium.name=Sodium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Sulfur.name=Sulfur Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Tin.name=Tin Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Titanium.name=Titanium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Tungsten.name=Tungsten Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Uranium.name=Uranium Ore
tile.pc:oreBlock.Zinc.name=Zinc Ore

tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Aluminium.name=Dense Aluminium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Beryllium.name=Dense Beryllium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Chromium.name=Dense Chromium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Coal.name=Dense Coal Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Cobalt.name=Dense Cobalt Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Copper.name=Dense Copper Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Gold.name=Dense Gold Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Iridium.name=Dense Iridium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Iron.name=Dense Iron Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Lapis.name=Dense Lapis Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Lead.name=Dense Lead Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Lithium.name=Dense Lithium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Magnesium.name=Dense Magnesium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Neptunium.name=Dense Neptunium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Nickel.name=Dense Nickel Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Palladium.name=Dense Palladium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Phosphorus.name=Dense Phosphorus Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Platinum.name=Dense Platinum Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Plutonium.name=Dense Plutonium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Silicon.name=Dense Silicon Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Silver.name=Dense Silver Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Sodium.name=Dense Sodium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Sulfur.name=Dense Sulfur Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Tin.name=Dense Tin Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Titanium.name=Dense Titanium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Tungsten.name=Dense Tungsten Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Uranium.name=Dense Uranium Ore
tile.pc:denseOreBlock.Zinc.name=Dense Zinc Ore




