# Configuration
general.ores.generator.comment=Generate the Ore?

#Keys

#Creative Tabs
itemGroup.pc.ore=PeriodiCraft Ores
itemGroup.pc.items=PeriodiCraft Items


#Items

#Blocks
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Aluminium.name=Aluminium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Beryllium.name=Beryllium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Chromium.name=Chromium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Coal.name=Coal Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Cobalt.name=Cobalt Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Copper.name=Copper Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Gold.name=Gold Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Iridium.name=Iridium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Iron.name=Iron Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lapis.name=Lapis Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lead.name=Lead Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Lithium.name=Lithium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Magnesium.name=Magnesium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Neptunium.name=Neptunium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Nickel.name=Nickel Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Palladium.name=Palladium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Phosphorus.name=Phosphorus Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Platinum.name=Platinum Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Plutonium.name=Plutonium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Silicon.name=Silicon Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Silver.name=Silver Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Sodium.name=Sodium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Sulfur.name=Sulfur Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Tin.name=Tin Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Titanium.name=Titanium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Tungsten.name=Tungsten Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Uranium.name=Uranium Ore
tile.pc:poorOreBlock.Zinc.name=Zinc Ore

